arvensis augustus campestris sylvicola pediades praecox confluens ovinus
aurantia battarrae bisporigera cokeri fulva jacksonii muscaria pantherina
phalloides porphyria regalis rubescens vaginata virosa clavipes mellea vulgare
fuligineoalba edulis pinophilus berkeleyi nigrescens plumbea viscosa gambosa
persicolor gigantea umbonata cibarius piperatus molybdites rhacodes britannicus
ruber gibba nebularis nuda prunulus dryophila perennis apala disseminatus
xanthothrix atramentaria variegata comatus plicatilis alboviolaceus armillatus
camphoratus caperatus collinitus croceus laniger malicorius mucosus orellanus
rubellus semisanguineus traganus violaceus tubaeformis amianthinum cinnabarina
sericeum vernum marginata rufescens glutinosus picreus peronatus esculenta
infula crustuliniforme mesophaeum elastica americanum cirrhatum erinaceus
rubellus repandum rufescens aurantiaca camarophyllus hypothejus pustulatus
capnoides fasciculare lateritium marginatum badia lacera lignicola mutabilis
laccata lacrymabunda camphoratus deliciosus deterrimus helvus indigo lignyotus
mammosus rufus tabidus torminosus trivialis turpis volemus piperatus sulphureus
aurantiacum scabrum versipelle clypeolaria birnbaumii connata excipuliforme
nigrescens perlatum pratense pyriforme procera perforans oreades rotula
platyphylla cognata elata esculenta epipterygia galericulata laevigata pura
illudens olearius onotica foenisecii involutus badia impudicus rubicundus
alnicola aurivella limonella squarrosa citrinopileatus ostreatus pulmonarius
ciliatus squamosus candolleana microrrhiza semilanceata lutea undulata swartzii
satanas acrifolia adusta aeruginea claroflava decolorans emetica mustelina
paludosa velenovskyi vesca vinosa xerampelina squamosus strobilaceus esculentus
stephanocystis hornemannii americanus bovinus grevillei luteus variegatus
atrotomentosa panuoides aestuans equestre focale saponaceum sejunctum
stiparophyllum decora rutilans floccosus felleus chrysenteron subtomentosus
campanella
