Agaricus arvensis Agaricus augustus Agaricus campestris Agaricus sylvicola
Agrocybe pediades Agrocybe praecox Albatrellus confluens Albatrellus ovinus
Aleuria aurantia Amanita battarrae Amanita bisporigera Amanita cokeri Amanita
fulva Amanita jacksonii Amanita muscaria Amanita pantherina Amanita phalloides
Amanita porphyria Amanita regalis Amanita rubescens Amanita vaginata Amanita
virosa Ampulloclitocybe clavipes Armillaria mellea Auriscalpium vulgare Bankera
fuligineoalba Boletus edulis Boletus pinophilus Bondarzewia berkeleyi Bovista
nigrescens Bovista plumbea Calocera viscosa Calocybe gambosa Calocybe persicolor
Calvatia gigantea Cantharellula umbonata Cantharellus cibarius Chalciporus
piperatus Chlorophyllum molybdites Chlorophyllum rhacodes Chroogomphus
britannicus Clathrus ruber Clitocybe gibba Clitocybe nebularis Clitocybe nuda
Clitopilus prunulus Collybia dryophila Coltricia perennis Conocybe apala
Coprinellus disseminatus Coprinellus xanthothrix Coprinopsis atramentaria
Coprinopsis variegata Coprinus comatus Coprinus plicatilis Cortinarius
alboviolaceus Cortinarius armillatus Cortinarius camphoratus Cortinarius
caperatus Cortinarius collinitus Cortinarius croceus Cortinarius laniger
Cortinarius malicorius Cortinarius mucosus Cortinarius orellanus Cortinarius
rubellus Cortinarius semisanguineus Cortinarius traganus Cortinarius violaceus
Craterellus tubaeformis Cystoderma amianthinum Cystodermella cinnabarina
Entoloma sericeum Entoloma vernum Galerina marginata Geastrum rufescens
Gomphidius glutinosus Gymnopilus picreus Gymnopus peronatus Gyromitra esculenta
Gyromitra infula Hebeloma crustuliniforme Hebeloma mesophaeum Helvella elastica
Hericium americanum Hericium cirrhatum Hericium erinaceus Hortiboletus rubellus
Hydnum repandum Hydnum rufescens Hygrophoropsis aurantiaca Hygrophorus
camarophyllus Hygrophorus hypothejus Hygrophorus pustulatus Hypholoma capnoides
Hypholoma fasciculare Hypholoma lateritium Hypholoma marginatum Imleria badia
Inocybe lacera Kuehneromyces lignicola Kuehneromyces mutabilis Laccaria laccata
Lacrymaria lacrymabunda Lactarius camphoratus Lactarius deliciosus Lactarius
deterrimus Lactarius helvus Lactarius indigo Lactarius lignyotus Lactarius
mammosus Lactarius rufus Lactarius tabidus Lactarius torminosus Lactarius
trivialis Lactarius turpis Lactarius volemus Lactifluus piperatus Laetiporus
sulphureus Leccinum aurantiacum Leccinum scabrum Leccinum versipelle Lepiota
clypeolaria Leucocoprinus birnbaumii Leucocybe connata Lycoperdon excipuliforme
Lycoperdon nigrescens Lycoperdon perlatum Lycoperdon pratense Lycoperdon
pyriforme Macrolepiota procera Marasmiellus perforans Marasmius oreades
Marasmius rotula Megacollybia platyphylla Melanoleuca cognata Morchella elata
Morchella esculenta Mycena epipterygia Mycena galericulata Mycena laevigata
Mycena pura Omphalotus illudens Omphalotus olearius Otidea onotica Panaeolus
foenisecii Paxillus involutus Peziza badia Phallus impudicus Phallus rubicundus
Pholiota alnicola Pholiota aurivella Pholiota limonella Pholiota squarrosa
Pleurotus citrinopileatus Pleurotus ostreatus Pleurotus pulmonarius Polyporus
ciliatus Polyporus squamosus Psathyrella candolleana Psathyrella microrrhiza
Psilocybe semilanceata Ramaria lutea Rhizina undulata Rickenella swartzii
Rubroboletus satanas Russula acrifolia Russula adusta Russula aeruginea Russula
claroflava Russula decolorans Russula emetica Russula mustelina Russula paludosa
Russula velenovskyi Russula vesca Russula vinosa Russula xerampelina Sarcodon
squamosus Strobilomyces strobilaceus Strobilurus esculentus Strobilurus
stephanocystis Stropharia hornemannii Suillus americanus Suillus bovinus Suillus
grevillei Suillus luteus Suillus variegatus Tapinella atrotomentosa Tapinella
panuoides Tricholoma aestuans Tricholoma equestre Tricholoma focale Tricholoma
saponaceum Tricholoma sejunctum Tricholoma stiparophyllum Tricholomopsis decora
Tricholomopsis rutilans Turbinellus floccosus Tylopilus felleus Xerocomellus
chrysenteron Xerocomus subtomentosus Xeromphalina campanella
