abattarik adalgrim adanedhel adanel adrahil adunakhor aegnor aerin agarwaen
aikanaro aiwendil alatar alatariel alcarin aldamir aldarion aldaron aldor
alfwine amandil amandil amdir amlaith amras amrod amroth amrothos anaire
anardil anborn ancalagon ancalimon ancalime andrast andreth androg anducal
anfauglir angbor angrod annatar anarion arador araglas aragorn aragost arahad
arahael aranarth arantar aranuir araphant araphor arassuil aratan aratar
arathorn araval aravir aravorn aredhel argeleb argon argonui arien aros
arthedain arthedain arvedui arvegil arveleg arwen asfaloth atanamir atanatar
aule ausir avranc azaghal azog baldor balin baragund barahir barahir baran bard
barliman bauglir belecthor beleg belegorn belegund belemir belladonna beorn
bereg beregond beren bergil bert berylla beruthiel beruthiel bifur bofur boldog
bolg bolger bombadil bombur borin boromir boron borondir brand brandir brego
bregolas bregor brodda brytta bucca beor bor calembel calimehtar calion
calmacil calmacil caranthir carcharoth castamir celeborn celebrimbor
celebrindor celebrian celegorm celepharn cemendur ceorl cirion ciryaher
ciryandil ciryatan ciryon cotton curufin curunir cirdan daeron denethor
dernhelm deorwine dior dori dorlas draugluin duilin durin dwalin dain deagol
deor dis ecthelion egalmoth eilinel elanor elbereth eldacar eldarion elemmakil
elendil elendor elendur elenna elenwe elessar elfhelm elfhild elfwine elladan
elmar elmo elrohir elrond elros elu elven elwing elwe emeldir emerie enel
enelye eorl eradan erendis erestor erkenbrand estel estelmo este earendil
earendur earnil earnur earwen eol eonwe falassion faniel faramir fastred
felarof fengel ferumbras finarfin findis finduilas finduilas fingolfin fingon
finrod finvain finwe folcwine fortinbras freca frerin frea frealaf freawine
fror fuinur fundin feanor fili firiel galador galadriel galdor gamil gamling
gandalf gerontius ghanburi gildor gilgalad gilrain gimilkhad gimilzor gimli
ginglith girion glanhir glaurung glorfindel gloin gloredhel goldberry goldwine
golfimbul gollum gorbag gorlim gormadoc gorthaur gothmog gram grimbold
grishnakh grima gror gwaihir gwathir gwindor hador halbarad haldad haldan
haldar haldir haleth hallas halmir handir hardang hareth helm herion herucalmo
herumor herunumen hirgon hiril hostamir huan hundar huor hyarmendacil hama
hurin ibun idril ilmare iluvatar iluvatar imbar imin iminye imrahil indis
inglor ingwe inziladun inzilbeth irime irmo isildur isilmo isilme isumbras
ivriniel khamul khim king kili kuvion lagduf lalaith legolas lenwe lindir
lobelia lotho lugdush lurtz leod luthien mablung maedhros maeglin maglor magor
mahtan maiar malach mallor malvegil manthor manwe marach mauhur meleth melian
meneldil meneldur meriadoc minalcar minardil minastir minyatur mithrandir
morgoth morwen morwen muzgash mirielar mirielserinde mim nahar narmacil narvi
nerdanel nessa nienna nienor nimloth nimrodel nori nain namo niniel nolimon nom
ohtar olwe olorin ondoher ori ornendil orodreth orome oropher orophin osse
ostoher paladin palantir pallando pelendur pengolodh peregrin pervinca pharazon
primula radagast rian romendacil rumil sador saeros sakalthor salgant salmar
saruman sauron scatha shadowfax shagrat shelob silmarien singollo siriondil
smaug smeagol snowmane soronto strider surion tarannon tarcil tarondor tata
tatie telchar telemmaite telemnar telperien telumehtar thengel thingol thorin
thorondir thorondor thranduil thrain thror theoden theodred theodwyn tilion
tindomiel tinuviel tulkas tuor turambar turgon turin ufthak ugluk uinen uldor
ulfang ulfast ulmo ulwarth umbardacil undomiel ungoliant uole urwen vaire
valacar valandil valandur vanimelde varda vardamir vidugavia vidumavi vinyarion
vorondil voronwe voronwe vana walda wormtongue yavanna yavien zimraphel
zimraphel zimrathon eomer eomund eothain eotheod eowyn irilde oin
